Hey, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, I just want to thank every single one of you again.
Thank you for coming.
Every single time we do a video, you come out and you pray.
You take things seriously.
This is where I've been.
I told the Lord, I said, "I don't want to be where I'm at today this way tomorrow.
I'm tired of being just the status quo.
I'm tired of the status quo.
I'm tired of Christianity as usual.
I'm ready for Christianity unusual.
" This is why when you get fed up being the way you are, that's when you'll start to see change.
I want change.
Diana and I, Braden, Megan, all of us.
I want change in my daughter.
I want change in my family.
I want change, expecting God to do something big in your life.
And I said, "Lord, I want the revival.
I want healings, demonstrations, and manifestations of your glory in these last days.
You said we would walk in this.
Where's the kink in the hose?
" And the Bible says, "If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will.
" But it's about remaining in this word and getting this word's foundation in your life, the love walk, going back to 1 Corinthians 13 and meditating on what He said.
Getting that word, the love, because the glory of what He said, Brandon—the glory of those big silos of that honey glow—was connected to love, getting a love foundation in your life from 1 Corinthians 13, meditating on that, and getting that word of what the Bible says about love taking no account of a suffered wrong when people do you wrong and all these things, but also believing God that He's going to do it.
Having an expectation for manifestations, because expectation brings the manifestation.
I believe that God is going to show up in this service tomorrow for your churches, or for wherever you have a church or prayer group.
I expect for us to get something radical from the Holy Spirit today.
I do not want to go away and have another lukewarm service that everybody kind of feels was okay, whatever, bypassing another week.
I know from glory to glory He's changing me.
I want that so bad.
The only thing that's ever going to change you is having a foundation of this word down inside of your heart, changing you from the inside out.
That's the only thing.
And that's what Brother Hagin—he drove it home.
That's all he ever talked about: "Faith cometh by hearing, hearing by the word of God," you know.
And R.
W.
Schambach, all the greats.
I said, "My goodness, Lord, help me.
If I'm a closer, I don't want to let these guys down.
I don't want to let you down.
I want to finish strong.
Lord, let us do something big for you because the word is working mightily in me.
The word is working mightily in me.
Do you believe it?
" But then He said to me when I was driving around today, He said, "Brandon, I want you to start to believe for manifestations of angelic encounters—not flaky stuff, but truly changing you from the inside out—the word, believing for that.
But not only that, believing for demonstrations of the Holy Spirit, manifestations of the Holy Spirit, and angelic visitations in your services every day, Lord, by love.
" I get this love like He said, love from 1 Corinthians 13.
Get in that love.
Okay, so if I'm walking in love, and you are love, and you're inside of me, and I'm inside with you, Lord, and we take this communion every day, and we're expecting for you to show up in the mall, showing up in these circumstances.
There was a guy, when I had all these things going on with our house, I told you the guy hit our septic, and it was like thousands of dollars to get this septic fixed.
But when he was here, my first reaction was just to lose it, because he just did all this, right?
And he wasn't going to fix it because I didn't tell him where the septic was.
So it was, you know, and he said, "I'll go in half.
" But the Holy Spirit said, "Walk in love.
Walk in love.
Don't lose it on this man.
There's more to this than what meets the eye.
" And so, to make a long story short, another guy came, and he was a Hispanic man, and the Lord said to me, "He does not know me.
" Witness to him, impart love into him, and talk to him about the word.
You could feel instantaneously the devil inside of him starts talking out.
"Are you smoking dope?
Are you doing this stuff?
" because you're talking about the Holy Ghost.
You're talking about the end times, "Jesus is coming.
The end times are here.
" I'm just bold about my faith, folks.
I'm not going to ever just back down.
And if the Holy Spirit comes on me, you're going to see a radical evangelist right there.
And that's what I do.
And so I start telling him about the Antichrist and about earthquakes.
This is what's coming.
Oregon is fixing to have a major earthquake.
This is stuff because I know God puts these signs.
Signs will follow them that believe.
Signs will follow them that believe; He said they would.
And God gives us these things to be a light in the darkness to this world, not to be flaky.
What makes us stand out?
It's the signs.
It's the wonders.
It's whenever we touch somebody, and they are lost as a goose in the fog, and you lay hands on them, and the power of God sets them free, and they go from glory to glory.
There was something to that.
It's not just watered-down, lukewarm religion that you're getting from stale preachers behind the pulpit, but you're teaching people that Jesus Christ is coming and they need to repent because if they don't, they're going to hell.
He came to set the captives free.
He told us to do the Great Commission: to go into all the world, lay hands on the sick, and they would recover, cast out devils, raise the dead, do all the things that He said we could do.
Why aren't we seeing it?
Because we're not believing it.
I want to be a believing believer.
And when I saw that man, the Lord told me, "If he dies tonight, Brandon, he's going to hell.
" I had compassion inside of me.
I wanted to—it would look flaky—but bend down on my knees right then and grab his ankle and say, "If you die tonight, sir, the Lord told me you're going to hell.
I don't know what it is with you, but God's calling you.
God's calling you.
God's calling your son that's standing next to you.
" And I feel to intercede and just weep on behalf of your soul because you don't realize how close you are to stepping over.
I don't know what it was about that man, but he came to my house, and I figured he's here for a reason.
It's not a coincidence.
"Yeah, you messed up my septic.
Yeah, you did all this stuff, and I'm showing you love because my flesh wants to just be really ugly right now.
What do you do for a living, sir?
" "I'm a preacher.
" "I could be a real jerk right now.
I really could because of what you did, but I'm going to show you love, and I'm going to pay for it.
I'm going to pay for it.
It doesn't cost you anything.
It was an accident.
" But you have the opportunity right then to show the love of God to somebody, and you can totally lose it because thousands of dollars is a lot, or you can love on somebody because they made a mistake.
Yeah, it was a costly one, but my point is that's the love that He's talking about in 1 Corinthians 13 right now.
Not all things are always easy, especially when you're dealing with the world and they mess up your yard and they do all the things that they do.
And you know what?
The one guy came back and made it all right.
He went out and cleaned up the stuff, and he apologized because it was bad.
I'm just telling y'all, it was bad.
A lot of things.
My house is leaking water clear into my bedroom.
There's a lot going on this last week.
Then we made the video last week.
Wednesday evening, we got home from church, did all that, got so excited.
Thursday morning, we woke up.
We're going to make another video for you all, and Braden's computer has completely crashed.
All of the software, all of it completely gone, wiped out.
It's like we got hacked in the middle of the night.
Literally, the computer won't start, won't do anything.
And he goes, 'Daddy, something bad has happened to the computer that we got blessed with.
It's not working at all.
' And I said, 'What happened?
' He goes, 'It won't even boot up.
There's nothing.
It won't even do anything.
' It was completely frozen.
Everything about this after we made that video about the energy and everything.
So, I figured we got hacked.
Something happened in the middle of the night.
I still don't know what happened.
So, he had to reboot it back up.
He's watching YouTube videos.
All these little pricks because I know I'm on the right road and I'm going somewhere with this.
You know you're on the right road when you're getting these little pricks because the enemy is ticked off because I'm putting a kink in his hose and he doesn't like it because I'm teaching a lot of you.
You know how many people email every day, 'You're teaching me to pray.
You're teaching me how to live by faith.
I was suicidal.
My marriage has been restored.
' How many people have gotten their lives changed by watching these videos?
I'm humbled.
So many people said, 'I never knew how to pray in the Holy Ghost and baptism.
I got filled with the Holy Ghost and fire watching these videos and I pray with you every single day.
' How many people said, 'I was lukewarm and you turned me around?
I watch you instead of pastors now because I get more out of your sermons.
' I said, 'My God, what an honor that you'd come to listen to me.
' But after you get all these little pricks and things, and Braden finally, it was the grace of God watching a YouTube video that we were able to—because he said, 'Daddy, we're going to have to buy a new computer.
This computer's gone.
' And watching a YouTube video, he fixed it.
Thank God.
Took him all day long Thursday.
All day long, we didn't have it.
And I told him, I said, 'Whatever happens happens, buddy.
We'll make it work.
' Whenever the enemy comes in and he tries to test you to see if he's getting to you by how you react.
How are you reacting to the septic tank getting run over, the water line, and the water flooding my bathroom and ruining it, and I had to go and fix all that, the boards falling down from the storm?
All these little things.
The enemy tried to get you all in your thoughts, but it all goes back to 1 Corinthians 13.
Will you walk in love?
Will you allow your fruit to shine to men?
And whenever the devil's trying to get your joy with all these little things and it all adds up, like I said, thousands, and my flesh, like I said, I was—wow.
Okay.
So, whenever all that's coming on you and all that's going on and you have the opportunity to walk in love, right?
Walk in love.
The Bible says, 'Take no thought, saying.
' Take no thought, saying.
Why?
Because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
And the devil cannot read your thoughts.
The devil can't go around looking, 'Am I getting to him?
' So the only way he can know if he's getting to you is by how you're responding on the outside in the natural.
Because the devil's a flesh devil.
He doesn't get anything by the spirit of God.
He has to move by the flesh.
And he's not omnipresent.
He is either with you or whatever.
He's not like the Holy Spirit, right?
So, his demons are looking to go back and report to him, 'This worked and this didn't work.
' But when you show the love of God, you pass the test.
That's what I'm trying to tell y'all.
When you get cut off on the road, when you do these things and people treat you badly at the restaurant—you might have a bad server at the restaurant.
She might give you bad service and you show love and say, 'I'll give her a good tip anyway.
She doesn't deserve it.
' And you might want to just tell her boss, 'She's the most lousy server I've ever had.
She didn't get my drinks refilled.
She didn't give me good service the whole time.
I'm telling you what, I want to let this girl have a piece of my mind,' you know, but you go and you say, 'Honey, I know this may not be your calling, but I'm going to bless you anyway and show you love,' you know, 20 bucks or whatever.
I don't know, that's a big tip, I'm just saying you give them a big tip.
They may say, 'Hey, I can't believe how I treated you' or whatever.
I don't know, I just try to show God's love until the point of where it's painful to my flesh because there's something more about it in the glory, is what I'm trying to tell you all.
Where is the glory?
Where's the outpouring of the spirit of God?
Like we've never seen it before.
The Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, Jesus did not do any mighty works until somebody put a demand on it.
' Look at what he did with the water turning into wine.
Mary put a demand on that gift inside of him.
But it wasn't time yet.
30 years, nothing, and then somebody put a demand on it and caused that gift to flourish.
And that's why I feel like a lot of times, maybe that's where we're at.
Maybe it wasn't season yet.
But the Lord said it's time to put a demand on what is rightfully ours.
When I was driving around today, he said it's time to put a demand on it.
It's time for you to expect, because I was driving under a bridge.
I can't even tell you where I was.
I was on Memorial Drive in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
And I was going under the bridge because I was looking at the Range Rovers, I was looking at the Cadillac dealership, I was believing big.
Looking at those cars and going, 'Look at those cars.
That's the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
Look at those brand new Escalades, look at those brand new Range Rovers, look at those brand new cars.
Look at what the world has.
' And yes, they have it, but greater is he that is in me.
Yes.
He said he would provide, the wealth of the sinners is laid up for the righteous.
I believe it.
It's a wealth transfer time.
Some people don't want to agree with me on that.
That's fine, stay where you are, but don't criticize me for believing big.
I was driving underneath the bridge there, and the Lord started talking to me about the angels, and he said, 'Brandon, remember I told you as you're passing under this bridge to believe for angelic visitation in these services?
Believe for the angels to work with you to bring the body parts.
' I told you when we got in prayer, if an octopus can get a new limb and grow back new limbs, if a crab can do it and they're sea-dwelling animals, how much more are you able to believe for a new arm or a new leg or new eyes?
If they can grow back stuff, why can't we?
We're created in his image.
We're created to be the head over all these things.
He said to take dominion and authority over these animals.
How much more do we have the ability to grow back something?
'Well, I don't believe that.
We've never seen it.
' It's time to believe for the impossible.
It's time to believe.
God forbid.
Are we in the last days or not?
Are we going to see signs will follow them that believe?
I'm so done with being a Christian that's just barely, you know, 'Well, we see it, well, we may not.
' Every once in a while, it's whatever, man.
I'm believing for it every day.
Let's believe for God to do something every day.
Believe God for finances, like, we need to look nice for him.
We represent the King.
He's corrected me about my clothes.
He's corrected me about a lot of things, saying, "Brandon, you represent me.
You need to look nice for me.
When you go into public, you need to look nice.
Don't wear your scrubby stuff out and always have holes.
Look nice for me.
Look nice.
" Why?
Because John G.
Lake used to look in the mirror.
He put on a white suit, a white tie, and all these white clothes.
And he looked and said, "God dwells on the inside of this man, and I represent him.
I represent the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords.
And he dwells on the inside of this man.
" So I started thinking about what John G.
Lake did, and he had an appearance of excellence.
His car was clean.
Things looked nice.
When you represent the King, you look nice.
You clean yourself up.
You may not have a dime to your name, but a bar of soap only costs so much.
And you look nice with a bar of soap.
You don't have to look scruffy and dirty, with oily hair.
You can have an appearance of cleanliness, too, because cleanliness is godliness.
My mom would always say, "Cleanliness is godliness.
" I say, "Well, you don't have to stink with B.
O..
You can have a bar of soap, scrub your armpits down, and make yourself smell nice.
" I mean, there's a point of appearance, an appearance of excellence, showing up and believing God for more.
Believing God for more.
Well, this guy said, "I believe in God.
Do you think the Lord wants me to have a new car, brother?
" That's what I'm talking about, driving around looking at that.
That's when I heard Brother Hagin teaching that today.
I said, "Let's go look at the Cadillacs.
Let's go look at the Range Rovers.
Let's go look for more.
" Because he said, "Is it wrong to have a brand new car?
Is it wrong to not be buying used all the time?
" And he said, "You're representing the King.
You're representing the King.
And if you, being evil, give good gifts to your kids, how much more does your Heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love him and are hearing him?
How much more?
" So I started thinking, well, why not believe for bigger?
Why not believe God for more?
Why not believe God for a newer house?
Why not believe God for this stuff?
I believed for this house that I'm living in right now, and it's time.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, look what I gave you this time last year.
Look how I took care of you this time last year.
" I was sitting on my back patio.
I lived in a shotgun house in Guthrie, Oklahoma.
Bad mice coming in.
We had rodents.
We had snakes coming up through the floorboards.
Our house had mold so bad we were falling through the foundation of the floor.
Lived there for 22 years.
22 years my kids, all of them born in there, lived there all those years, being a janitor at the church, making nothing, believing God, believing God.
And the Lord said, "Stay here.
Take care of your grandma.
" I took care of my grandmother all that time.
I complained—I'm not going to lie to y'all, I did complain to the Lord.
"Lord, I need something better.
My family—the mold and mildew smell in here is so bad, all the things that we dealt with for so many years.
" But God came through and got us this house we're living in now.
23 years.
And people say, "Well, Brandon, your house is nice now.
" But you don't know what I came from.
You don't know what God did.
I never get mad at somebody's blessing whenever you see what they have and where they are, because you don't know what seeds they sowed to get what they've got.
I rejoice whenever I see a preacher have more.
I rejoice whenever I see my brother and sister get a brand new car, because you don't know what seeds they sacrificed to get what they got.
You don't know what prayers they prayed.
You don't know what they gave.
Do we not believe that the Bible is true, that he gives back 30, 60, and a hundredfold?
Why do we get mad when we see somebody get blessed?
If the Bible is true and he gives back 30, 60, and a hundredfold, why aren't more of us walking in increase?
Is it because we are ashamed of what he's given us?
We don't want to—"Oh, well, we kind of live down and out.
We just got to barely get by.
" "I took the vow of poverty.
" I'm going to tell you this: you're a fool.
I do not want to receive a vow of poverty.
I'm not taking no vow of poverty.
If the Bible says that the windows of heaven are open over us and he poured out a blessing that we don't have room enough to receive it all, how much more can we walk in it, to not walk by just barely?
That's why I'm believing God for crypto to take off like a rocket.
I talked to a dear sister.
She lives in Florida, and she said she's believing for big, Brandon, and she's wanting to retire.
She had all these big desires of believing God to have exceeding.
She works for the TSA and all this stuff.
She told me, she said, "I work for the TSA, worked there for like twenty-some, 30 years or something like that, but I'm believing God to do something big.
" And I thought, "You inspire me.
You inspire me.
" She is a single woman saying she's inspired to believe God for bigger.
I come across you all in life, and we are changed by you all.
We are changed by what you're believing for.
You inspire me to believe bigger.
I thought, "Yeah, why not?
The sky is the limit.
We limit ourselves by what we think.
" So that's what I had for you all today.
I want you to believe for bigger.
And whenever you see the enemy try and attack you, whenever he tries to come against you, take no thought saying.
I'm not going to take thoughts of what I'm feeling and lose my peace in all of this.
I'm not going to take a thought saying and let him see it.
The enemy is not going to see me sweat in all the drama.
Do you know God is good, folks?
God is good, and he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
The Bible says the willing and the obedient will eat the good of the land.
And I'm telling you, it's time for the willing and the obedient.
I've been willing and I've been obedient to eat the good of the land.
It's time to eat the good of the land.
Are you willing to eat the good of the land?
If you've been willing and obedient, you've been faithful tithing, you've been faithful giving, it's time for the willing and obedient to eat the good of the land.
But it's not just about money; it's about peace that passes all understanding.
It's about joy unspeakable and full of glory.
It's about your marriage being restored.
It's about healing in your body.
It's about all these things that he said that he would provide for us if we believe him for it.
So, we're going to believe God today.
That's where I'm at.
I'm not going to be a doubter.
I'm a believer.
I'm an overcomer.
I live on the victory side.
Do you believe that today?
Do you believe you live on the victory side?
Well, "We ain't never seen victory before.
We're just barely holding the fort.
" I'm just going to say it out my mouth: I have what the Bible says I can have.
I can do what the Bible says I can do.
I refuse to allow the enemy to keep coming and stealing and taking my stuff.
I call back double what you stole.
He rebukes the devourer for my sake.
Do you believe that?
I want to be a believing believer.
I believe I'm a believing believer.
So, let's believe God today.
Like I was believing for the Hispanic man that came over to my house, I believe that there are seeds that are planted.
Some people plant, some people water, and some bring forth the increase.
Not everybody's always going to bring forth all the increase.
Some people plant, some people water, and some people bring forth the increase.
But I believe I planted and maybe even watered.
And that's what you have to keep doing is planting, watering, but it's time for the harvesters.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Right now, there's more people on this planet combined than what there has been in all the generations.
Think about 8 billion, 9 billion people.
9 billion at one time.
And yet, in any generation before, we've never had that kind of population ever.
Think about that.
9 billion people basically.
That's a lot of people.
Folks say, "Whoa.
" But it's time to believe big.
Let's take communion today and we're going to intercede.
I'm going to pray and we're going to intercede today for whatever—well, see what he has for us.
We'll dip in the river together and we're going to intercede and we're going to pray for supernatural impartation for him to show us that which is to come.
That we would see things, as being watchmen.
That's what I'm trying to say.
That we'll be watchmen today, and we're going to see on the wall.
If there's anything to see, he'll show us.
Father, we lift up this body before you.
And I never enter into that place of spiritual intercession without taking communion first.
You say, "Why do you take communion so much?
" Because I always enter in by the blood of the lamb, by the word of my testimony.
I enter in by the blood.
I don't go sit on his throne without taking communion first.
Never.
I always go before him with communion and say, "Father, I'm here.
Father, I'm sitting at your feet today.
I draw near to you.
But the only way I'm able to is by this covenant.
By this covenant.
And this represents you.
I do it in an act of faith.
I do it by an act of faith.
This is my faith.
Faith without works is dead.
This is my faith working.
This is what I do.
Father, I believe you.
You're the Son of God.
I believe you died and you rose again on the third day.
I believe that you dwell on the inside of me.
That's why I take communion all the time because it represents something to me.
Does it make sense?
I don't do it for religious purposes.
This isn't religious to me.
Well, I'm taking sacraments.
No, I'm doing it because it's relationship to me.
I don't try to be religious when I pray.
I'm just real when I pray.
You guys, Braden, I'm the most real person when it comes to the spiritual realm than anybody because I know I have nothing to hide.
He can see it all.
He knows everything, all my thoughts.
He knows all my failures.
He knows everything about me.
And there's nothing I can do other than to come to him just as I am and just say, "Listen, I am flawed without you.
I need you.
" And in this, you fill me.
You make me whole.
You make me well.
You make me everything that I need, you have.
And there's nothing in this life I can do apart from you.
And this represents you, Holy Communion.
So, Father, we lift up this body before you.
Now, we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you've yet to do in our lives.
Father, I know it's finished.
I know that you said we're well.
We're healed.
We're whole.
We're all these things that you said we could do, we can do because your body, your blood was sacrificed for us.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for whom the Son has set free.
And I take this body in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, that I'm healed, I'm whole, I'm well.
I have the mind of Christ.
Clear thoughts, no brain fog, no nothing.
I am healed, whole and well.
I am delivered.
I am set free.
I thank you, Lord.
All that I need.
Everything that you've ever done is done.
You said it is finished.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
You believe that today?
Do you believe that he did it all for you today?
Yes.
We believe the blood set us free.
We confess our sins, Lord.
We messed up.
We've fallen short of the glory.
But we are all okay because of this blood.
We're right through your blood.
The blood made us whole.
The blood made us well.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
Thank you for the blood, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you redeemed me by the blood.
Thank you, Lord, that you set me free.
Thank you, Lord, for whom the Son sets free is free indeed.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my children.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my wife.
I plead the blood of Jesus over me, my marriage, my finances, my house, my car.
Father, thank you, Lord, that you rebuke the devourer for my sake today.
The devourer has been found and he has to pay back double what he stole in Jesus' name.
I'm calling it in right now in the name of Jesus.
Everything the devil stole, I call it in in the name of Jesus.
I say you rebuke the devourer, Father, and I stand on what you said I can have.
And I will do what the Bible says I can do.
And I take back what you stole from me, devil, in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you for the blood.
I sit at your feet, Father, because of that blood.
It's on that mercy seat.
"Hey, Jesus, how are you doing today?
" That's what I say.
"Oh, Jesus, I thank you for all you've done for me.
" Thank you, Jesus.
I want you to be real to me today.
Be real to me, Holy Spirit, today.
It's not something in my imagination; it's something real.
I thank you, Father, that you're real to me today.
That you said I could do it.
You said I could have it.
And I believe for the impossible.
I believe, Father, that what they say is impossible is possible through you.
That all things are possible to him who believes.
I believe, Father, that we can achieve the impossible today financially, mentally, emotionally, all of it.
I can believe and receive what's impossible today to the world.
To the world it's impossible, but I can have it because he said all things are possible to him who believes.
I believe it and I receive it.
I receive the things out of the world's economy.
I receive it out of there; I take it by force.
Give me creative ideas, Father.
I seek your face.
I thank you, Father, that the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
Seek ye first the kingdom and all these things will be added unto you.
I seek you, Father.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Now, we sit at your feet today.
You're a good dad.
You're a good father.
You have healing.
You have deliverance.
You have it all.
We don't need to be bound by anything the devil has because you've set us free.
We will not accept a poo-poo package of a symptom on our flesh.
We will take no thought saying, "Well, I thought I was healed.
" No, no, no.
I am healed.
I am the healed resisting sickness.
I am the whole resisting the symptoms of sickness and disease.
I resist you.
I refuse to take the symptom.
I refuse to take the symptom of sickness and disease.
Now, we're going to pray in the spirit.
We're going to believe God.
Let's believe God for your marriages.
Let's believe God for—there's so many of you that are believing for so much, and I'll be agreeing with you.
Healing belongs to you.
Your marriage is whole.
I call peace in your marriages, joy in the marriages, joy in your homes.
Your marriages are restored.
Your children are full of joy.
Your children are full of peace.
Your children that are wayward are coming home.
The prodigals are coming home.
Believe for the impossible, so it seems so far out there, but it's tangible and right in front of your hand.
It's in your hand.
It's tangible and you've got the key.
Father, we thank you.
Oh God, we praise you.
Faith isn't a feeling.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I move by what the word of God says.
Faith isn't a feeling.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we step with you, we walk with you, we abide in you.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We abide; we don't force it.
We rest in the finished work of Jesus.
Father, we don't push.
We're not rude, demanding.
No, we rest.
When you step, we step.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord.
We politely say, "Can I have the keys to that?
" Oh, we politely say, we confidently trust, we confidently rely, we confidently rest in the finished work of Jesus.
We're confident; we're fully persuaded.
Resting in the finished work of Jesus Christ, we're confidently resting, we're confidently relying.
We confidently rest, we confidently rely on your finished work today.
It's like stepping up to the edge of a river.
You step up to the edge of the river and you put your toes in it.
You've got to step off in it by faith.
That's what you're doing when you're praying like this: you step off in it by faith.
"I'm going to step into that river.
" And when you get into that river, the river pulls you.
We have no other agenda other than yours.
We take our thoughts and we focus them on you—not what's on our agenda, but what's with you, Father.
What can we help you with today?
We worship you, Father.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
We enter into your courts with praise.
We magnify you, Lord.
We glorify you, Lord.
We honor you, Lord, for you are worthy of our praise.
We sing to you a new song, and we worship you, and we magnify you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
He says, "It's like a pioneer work.
" He says, "It's a pioneer work.
" I see lots of stony ground.
I see the mountains ahead.
We're mountain dissolvers, and we speak to the mountains.
We don't climb them; we dissolve them.
My first initial reaction when I saw this mountain: it was hollowed out around the side, and there was barely anything covering to keep this big head of this mountain on, but it was dissolved all at the foundation of it.
And it went out like this.
I could see this dark brown all on this side and there was light all on this side.
But you could see all the way through because there was no foundation to this mountain other than just a little bit.
It was on a round cylinder like this, and the mountain went up and went all out like this.
I could see this—it looked like granite.
It's granite.
And instantaneously I thought, "Well, how do you climb a mountain that looks like that?
" That's what I was praying through right then.
"How do you climb a mountain that looks like that?
You can't get up unless you go around the side, Lord.
There's no way you'd crawl up and go like this.
" That's what I was looking at when I was praying.
For many are set back by years, but now I'm going to do a quick work.
See, I see that many people—it will take them years of cultivating, but now it'll be a quick work, an acceleration, for the time is short.
And great grace will sustain you there.
Great grace sustain you there.
Great grace, he says, great grace.
It will be windows of grace.
Grace, grace, grace.
And this is what he's talking about: the generals of the past.
A foundation was laid in the spirit realm with the prayers of the saints of the past.
He is talking about the 1900s—1901, 1919—those generals of the past.
There is a foundation that was laid.
I see a great slab—the slab of the Word—prayers of a great foundation.
Now, finish the work.
There's a remnant of you that are still here.
There's many of you that are still here.
The Lord says, "But you're up in your years.
There's 80s, there's 90s, you're still here.
You're praying.
You were part of the old tent revivals.
You were part of the old tent revival.
And you're going to live long and finish strong and show us young people how to do it.
" So he said, "Hallelujah!
Your youth is renewed like the eagles, and the glory will sustain you.
He saved the best for last.
Remember, there's a lot of you because of your prayers.
You have a backbone, but God's given you a backbone.
The more you feed on the word, the more you do what he's called you to do, the greater works.
" But do these things that I've called you to do, and I'm coming to get you for the greater works.
Greater works I will do in you.
For there's much work to be done.
For the harvest is plentiful, and the laborers are few.
My harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
I see that the enemy thinks he's won.
When you look at the vast majority of the churches, it looks very pathetic.
I see it going through and I see it in the spirit realm.
I see it through the devil's eyes, what he's looking at, and he's laughing: "Look at what I've done.
Look at what I've done.
" But the greater works have just begun.
Watch what I'll take out of nothing and turn it into something.
Oh, I hear the spirit of the Lord say, "The greater works are coming.
The fire is coming.
The fire for the driest and the deadest will burn the hottest upon this vast land.
" I see upon the vast land, for the scope of eternity, for the space of this eternity.
Chicago, I see it for it goes as far as the eye can see.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, "Can these bones live?
" And I see the valley of the dry bones.
He says, "Can these bones live?
A sea of bones.
Can these bones live?
" And I say, "Yes, Lord.
" I see the vast valley of the bones.
The Lord says the bones will live.
He's raising up the people in those bones.
I see the bones coming into flesh.
I see the bones in that valley of those bones.
These are spiritually dead people.
And the Lord says, "Can the bones live?
" Brandon, they can, Lord.
He said, "Speak to them.
" I hear him say, "Speak to them.
" From coast to coast around the world.
Can these bones live?
The church in the state of where it's at.
So many dry, so many asleep.
And we call the bones to live today, Lord.
And I just heard him say, "I heard the sound of a mighty rushing wind.
" He's in that still small voice.
So many people are looking for the fire, for the earthquakes, for all the things.
Oh, but he's in the still small voice.
I'm not in a panic.
I am not in a panic.
All this was by design.
I laugh at the devil.
For he thought he had won again.
And the devil's laughing, and then the Lord's laughing at him.
And he has the last laugh.
When you look at the vastness of the church, what the enemy has tried to do, preaching anemic Christianity throughout all these churches, seeker-friendly, I see it all.
I'm looking at it all.
Satan's watching.
He said, "What is he going to do?
" He's watching.
And there are so many skeletons.
There are so many of them.
I see them all around the world.
But the Lord says, "Can these bones live?
" Brennan.
I believe he's referring to Ezekiel.
He said, "That's exactly what I'm referring to.
" That's what he said.
"I am exactly what I'm referring to.
For I am the rock that is higher than I.
I am the rock.
" I want you to hear these scriptures.
The Lord spoke to me and he said, "Have Diana read this to you.
" Ezekiel, go ahead, read it out loud.
Yeah, it's Ezekiel 37.
The hand of the Lord was on me and he brought me out by the spirit of the Lord and set me in the middle of a valley.
It was full of bones.
He led me back and forth among them and I saw a great many bones on the floor of the valley, bones that were very dry.
He said to me, "Son of man, can these bones live?
" I said, "Sovereign Lord, you alone know.
" Then he said to me, "Prophesy to these bones and say to them, Dry bones, hear the word of the Lord.
This is what the sovereign Lord says to these bones.
I will make breath enter you and you will come to life.
I will attach tendons to you and make flesh come upon you and cover you with skin.
I will put breath in you and you will come to life.
Then you will know that I am the Lord.
" So I prophesied as I was commanded, and as I was prophesying, there was a noise, a rattling sound, and the bones came together bone to bone.
I looked, and tendons and flesh appeared on them, and skin covered them, but there was no breath in them.
Then he said to me, "Prophesy to the breath.
Prophesy, son of man, and say to it, This is what the sovereign Lord says.
Come breath from the four winds, and breathe into the slain, that they may live.
" So I prophesied as he commanded me, and breath entered them.
They came to life and stood up on their feet, a vast army.
Then he said to me, "Son of man, these bones are the people of Israel.
They say, Our bones are dried up, and our hope is gone.
We are cut off.
Therefore, prophesy and say to them, This is what the sovereign Lord says, My people, I am going to open your graves and bring you up from them.
I will bring you back to the land of Israel.
Then you, my people, will know that I am the Lord.
When I open your graves and bring you up from them, I will put my spirit in you and you will live.
And I will settle you in your own land.
Then you will know that I, the Lord, have spoken, and I have done it, declares the Lord.
" Oh, Jesus.
So, that's what he was saying.
Think about what she just said right there.
He spoke to the dead bones in the valley and he asked him, "Son of man, can these bones live?
" And read that again.
"He asked me, Son of man, can these bones live?
I said, Sovereign Lord, you alone know.
" You alone know.
Keep going.
Read it one more time.
That little bit.
Okay.
Then he said to me, "Prophesy to these bones and say to them, dry bones.
" Dry bones.
"Hear the word of the Lord.
" Hear the word of the Lord.
What you're going to do, as you said, I'm going to repeat after you.
"This is what the sovereign Lord says to these bones.
I will make breath enter you.
" Yes, breath enter them, "and you will come to life" and come to life.
"I will attach tendons to you" attach tendons to them "and make flesh come upon you" and make flesh come upon them "and cover you with skin" and cover them with skin.
"I will put breath in you" I put breath in you "and you will come to life" and you will come to life, "then you will know that I am the Lord" and then they will know that he is the Lord.
That's what it is.
Do you get that?
But what he was talking about was not physical bones, right?
In the spirit when I see him, he said, "There is a vast valley of bones, Brandon, of Christians that are dead.
They're spiritually dead.
" And then he told me, he said, "When I heard him, I could hear him and I could see Satan.
" And Satan was looking out over the valley of bones and looking at what he's done to all these lukewarm Christians and all the spiritual deadness.
And the Lord spoke to me and I heard the spirit of the Lord say, "Can these bones live, Brennan?
Can they live?
The enemy thinks he's won in the army, in the vastness of what I want to do, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Can these bones live?
" That's what I heard the Lord say.
And I said, "What are you referring to?
" And I knew it.
I said, "You refer to Ezekiel.
" And he said, "That's exactly what I'm referring to.
Read it.
" So we pray for the valley of the bones of the Christians, our brothers and sisters that are lukewarm, and we say, "Can these bones live?
" He said to me, "And they will live.
" And we prophesy to those bones to get up out of that grave, to get up out of that spiritual deadness and say, "Oh, let the fanning and the flame of the fire of the Holy Ghost dwell on the inside of them, and where there once was life, have life again and life more abundantly.
" Oh God, we thank you Lord that in these last days our churches will be on fire, that the remnant of the Holy Ghost, that the last days will rise up in a greater capacity and bring forth this last harvest of souls for you, oh God.
Oh God.
He said, "The enemy thought he had won, Brandon, but can they live?
" I don't know why, but I hear the sound of a mighty rushing wind.
It's like I see the cloud the size of a man's hand and there's the sound of rain.
I hear the sound of rain.
It's the outpouring.
We call forth the outpouring.
Can these bones live?
Prophesy to those bones.
Get up, have flesh, have tendons, have this stuff spiritually.
Have a backbone.
Get up out of there.
But we call forth the rivers of the living water.
We call forth the fresh water from the throne, oh God, to pour out upon all flesh.
One last time, a great move and a harvest of souls like this world has never seen before.
We thank you Lord.
I can see the valley, Lord.
I stay there.
I camp there, Father, looking at the bones getting up.
I look at the bones getting up.
I stay in this position.
You're not moving here.
The vision just paused right there.
I'm trying to move on, but the Lord's paused right there.
So when you move, I move.
What do you want me to do next with it?
I still see it.
I still see the valley.
I still see the devil.
He's standing there and he's looking and he's laughing at what he thinks he's done.
But I see this light coming from the throne of God.
I see this light and I hear the voice of the Lord so loud, thunderously, "Can these bones live?
" And then I see light flowing down in the water.
But I could see what looked like darkness all on the bones.
Spiritual bones look like dryness.
That's what he said: the drier the bones, the drier the person, the greater the fire.
A flash fire.
I see a flash fire.
For the drier the person, the greater the fire.
It's time for revival.
An awakening under God for revival.
He's still at the point of the revival.
I see the mountain, and I see the valley.
And I see all the dry bones.
They're on every cliff and all around.
Many are on top of each other.
And he says he's camped there looking at the valley.
He's in the still small voice.
'What is it, Lord?
Why are we looking to the bones still?
' I hear it echoing: 'Satan had thought he had won.
' Okay, I've never seen that before.
I hear him say, 'Satan had thought he had won.
' He said, 'Camp there right now.
Pray into that.
Pray into that when you're seeing into it.
And I'm still showing it to you.
Pray into it.
I'll move you when it's time.
' Bones live.
A stirring in the church.
Bones live.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I see the rain now.
I see the clouds.
The clouds are building as we're praying.
And I see a dam that is broken.
And in the valley of the bones, I see the waves.
I see the dams are broken.
Not only is it coming through the dam that has been broken on the side of this mountain and through the valley—it's a flash flood—but the rain has fallen.
It's coming from two ways.
It's coming from the vast waves and it's coming from the depth of the earth.
But there is a rain of the Holy Ghost that's coming, and the bones are floating in the water and gaining form.
I hear the sound of rain.
This is not just normal rain; it's the sound of a Holy Ghost rain.
And I hear the angels singing.
Oh, we speak to the valley of the bones.
You will live in Jesus' name.
And on both sides of the valley, there was a river.
There's a bank on this side, big mountains, big rocks.
On this side, big rocks over here.
And over here behind me when I was praying, because I was looking this way toward the valley, I could see all the bones, and they were as vast on it.
I could see there was a stream going through that was completely barren, a barren stream going through on both sides.
But as far as the eye could see, there were bones in this valley, on both sides.
But there was a light.
When I saw the Father up top, I could see the light shining down on these bones, and it was making the bones glisten.
They were glistening.
And as he was saying to me, 'Can these bones live?
' they would glisten, kind of like when you see diamonds in the sparkling of a light.
You see, like when you turn light on diamonds, it makes them glisten.
And the bones were on the valley, and they were all upon it.
And the valley was like going into the desert.
It was like a desert.
And all of a sudden, I see and hear the sound of an abundance of rain, an abundance of water.
And there was a dam behind me.
I could hear it literally—I felt like I was there—cracking and breaking behind me as we were praying.
And the water flushed through the valley, and the bones rose up in this living water that came forth out of this dam.
And the bones started going in, and a thigh was a thigh, and a leg was a leg, and all the heads started to come together.
But not only was it all coming together and creating a whole man spiritually, but I heard the sound of the rain.
And there was rain coming—not just sprinkles of rain, but a new Holy Ghost rain upon the valley.
And there was rain falling down.
But it was not just a little bit of rain; it was an abundant rain—lightning, thunder, everything.
Rain, heavy rain, like a tsunami rain, like hurricane rain, big rain.
And it was filling up.
The valley was filling up, and the rain was coming, and there was a Holy Ghost flow all at the same time that was bringing life to the bones.
And then I started seeing skin, Holy Ghost.
But it wasn't skin like this; it was like transparent skin, like your spirit, like you would see a spirit, like a ghost, transparent.
But it was becoming sparkly.
And as the bones sparkled, the skin started to sparkle.
As the bones and the flesh became one, and they had garments on—some garments, they were like robes and gowns on these bones that became flesh of the spirit all in this valley, and they started floating up and rising up into the top, and all the water started to bring them.
So we believe for these gowns, like bride gowns.
They were sparkling with sparkles.
I hear the sound of an abundant rain.
We speak to the brothers and sisters to get up out of their graves, out of their spiritual graves, to get out of spiritual deadness.
'Get out of the spirit of death,' He says.
'From coast to coast all around the globe, there's a great, mighty rain, a great Holy Ghost flow.
Even the deadest of the dead is going to get up out of that grave.
' Ain't no grave going to hold my body down.
You remember, 'Ain't no grave going to hold my body down.
When I hear that trumpet sound, you better get up out of that ground, because there ain't no grave going to hold my body down.
' It's not just a flesh thing, y'all.
There's something spiritual here.
I've seen the rock, I've seen the mountain, and in this, 'Father, we thank you.
The deadest of the dead are going to get up.
' And it's almost...
I see some of them, they have alligator skin.
I see alligator skin all around them.
Alligator skin.
It looks like reptilian.
It's alligator skin on them.
They have yellow bellies and they have dark green-looking backs.
They look like alligators.
'The greatest outpouring of my spirit is coming.
The former and the latter rain together.
' I hear him say, 'The former rain and the latter rain.
That's what you're seeing: former rain, latter rain.
' What is it?
It's like a teeter-totter.
I see it.
The former rain's already come, and the latter rain's coming, and the wave is running, and the wave is already coming.
One's falling down, and the other one's already been here, and they're coming together.
The former rain has already fallen, and the latter rain is falling.
So the former rain comes like a flood—it's already been on the earth like this—and the latter rain is falling.
Former rain, latter rain.
It's a flood.
Stay.
The former rain and latter rain.
There's a great flood, Brandon.
There's a great flood.
He said, 'A great flood.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
' He said, 'There's more.
' And this will be birthed through much prayer.
Oh, and the fountains of the deep, those great fountains I talked about.
You remember that he said those wells uncapped, the wells are drawn forth.
They're drawn forth.
Draw from those wells.
He says, 'Draw from the wells.
' When I say that, the capping of that is like the well, and when you say 'draw from the well,' it's like it's pushing that water up and it's going over, out of the banks of the well.
Draw from those old wells, the deep wells.
This will be fun, for it's just begun.
Oh, the way the devil tried to hold you back in the past.
The victim mentality is breaking off of you today.
The victim mentality.
Living under a bridge, living under the bridge.
Don't go.
Many people are living under the bridge with a victim mentality, because you're so used to things hitting you.
But you're coming out.
He said, 'Come out from underneath there.
Come out from underneath there.
' In the cave of life.
Victim mentality.
Now I see a cave.
People are coming out of the cave.
He said it's time to come out of the cave.
Come out of that bondage.
The door is wide open.
Will you come out?
Oh, the enemy's trying to bind you.
The enemy is trying to put you in that hole, in that cave.
But the door is wide open.
The enemy's trying to hold you back in your thinking and the way you're thinking.
Renew your mind.
You say, 'Can this really be?
Is it really time for me?
' Yes, I see.
It's almost like they have dirt on their face.
Their hair is all matted, and these people are coming out of the cave and they have soot on their faces.
They're all dirty with soot.
Their clothes are kind of dingy and they're coming out because they're coming out free.
Coming out of that cave.
He came to set the captives free.
You know the cave's been open the whole time.
He said the cave's been open.
The devil tried to tell you you're in there.
He tried to tell you you've got to live underneath that bridge, you've got to live in that cave.
But the Lord said, 'I've already set you free from the cave.
I've already set you free from the bridge.
' It's a victim mentality.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
He's free indeed.
We're free indeed.
No more bondage.
Oh, you've been hit down and knocked down so long that you got accustomed to it.
Get the mentality of being accustomed to victory.
That's what he said.
Start being accustomed to victory.
Be accustomed to being a winner, walking on the victory side.
This is going to be fun, and it's just begun.
That's what he's saying.
Living on the victory side, living in the victory, going from glory to glory.
So many times, the waves of life...
I see these people always hiding underneath the bridge, waiting for the next thing to fall on them.
Waiting in the cave.
Oh, they don't want to come out because it's scary.
Oh, you're looking outside that door, but the doors have big locks and chains, and you're chained up inside.
But the Lord said, 'I've come to set the captives free, and you're already free, but you don't even know it.
' The door is open, but it's inside of you.
You're encaged inside.
The Lord said you're encaged inside.
You have a cage mentality.
Many people have a cage mentality, but you're out of the cage.
He sets you free from it.
Oh, when you get mad at it, I heard him say, 'Would you just get flat mad at it?
I'm not in this cage anymore.
It's time for me to soar.
' Going higher and higher with the fire.
No more bondage.
It's time to come up higher, coming out of that cage, coming up higher.
Change the way you're thinking.
Change the way you're doing things.
Change!
And out of this hole, I see olive oil coming out of the side of the rock.
It looks like golden olive oil coming through the press.
When I see the pressure squirting on the olives that come through the press, the pressure causes the oil.
And the more the press comes down on the olives, it brings forth new olive oil.
Oh boy, this is the threshing floor.
Many of you have gone through the threshing floor, many of you have gone through the press.
But the great oil, the Holy Ghost oil, is coming out of it.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
And just like that, it starts to lift.
Holy Spirit, thank you.
Well, I feel like we did our job for what he wanted today.
I can feel it start to lift off me, and I go, 'What is that to pray?
' Isn't that interesting?
To flow.
Is there more?
That's why I always say, 'Is there more, Lord?
' Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Can these bones live?
Well, the Lord says they can.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain, the former and the latter rain together.
Glory to God.
I love looking at that.
I can freeze-frame that vision.
That is amazing.
Those old bones living, folks.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain, and Satan is like, 'What are you going to do?
' He's looking at him, laughing at him.
And God is laughing at him.
Satan is an idiot.
He's real dumb.
He really is dumb.
He tries to challenge our Creator.
What an idiot!
He tries to challenge, like, 'Look what I did.
' You didn't do nothing!
Can these bones live?
Don't you know that what is dead, God will bring back to life?
He has resurrection power on the inside.
He is life, even in the deadness of Sarah's womb at 99.
Can these bones live?
Wow.
Praise God.
Well, I hope you got something out of that today.
It blessed me.
I'm glad I showed up.
Oh, it touched my heart.
I love the Word.
I love the prayer.
I'm so thankful for every single one of you that come and pray with me.
The Lord said, 'I've camped here.
' It's amazing because usually when I'm pushing in prayer, I can push the vision and push what he's doing, but I've camped here for a reason.
You're not done praying over these bones yet.
So I kept interceding, kept praying more in tongues, and there's thousands of us doing it.
So we're praying over it, praying, and it just keeps building.
And then all of a sudden, that dam broke and just flooded that valley.
And all those bones started lifting up out of that deadness, and that water flooded on them.
And then what was amazing was all the bones started to live because the rain started coming, and it was flooding, rain and flood at the same time.
And then out of those big wells, that water started coming up out of the depth of the earth.
So folks, there's more water, more Holy Ghost water than what you all can ever comprehend.
There's former and latter rain together and the old wells, the fountains of—because as the days of Noah, think about that.
The fountains of the depth and the fountains of the firmament, all these things, the water came, rain, all of it.
Forty days of rain.
And it's going to be a Holy Ghost rain.
The rain came up from the depth.
The rain came from the firmament.
The rain came from here.
Rain, rain, rain.
It just filled up, and it was as the days of Noah.
That's what I'm hearing.
Wow.
Praise the Lord, Braden.
A great, mighty Holy Ghost rain this time, though.
Not a destructive rain; it's a Holy Ghost rain.
Hallelujah.
And the drier the bones, the drier it is, the more the fire.
Get ready, folks.
There's going to be a great, great something about to happen.
But we're praying into it.
We're building blocks.
We're praying into it.
We're praying for the revival, expecting, just like I talked about when I drove around today, and he said, 'Expect me to move in your services, Brandon.
Expect me to do something.
Can these bones live?
' Well, praise the Lord.
I'm glad you showed up today.
If you're not here, you go, 'Man, this guy is way out there.
' Yeah, I am.
I'm way out there with Jesus.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
Click the notification bell, click the like button, click the thumbs up—do all the things that you can do to help me with the algorithm.
Diana and I, we both appreciate you all.
We love you, Braden.
We pray for you.
We pray for your financial harvest.
We're praying for your abundance for your homes.
Whatever you're believing for, we're believing with you.
And we pray that everything is good and well in your households.
We do.
Well, we always close our YouTube broadcast for today by saying, 'Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
' Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.